blogosphere economy and finance
apartments dedicated to the new general manager of raw mt-20 all compliments
to have a woman a good goalkeeper especially information technology e
certainly a great success and then the first question about how he did ad
get to otranto with what curriculum what link has made
nursery arrival after a long experience of microsoft is 15 years old
microsoft
passed mainly eniservizi advisory and technology services
management of particular sales forces on large customers I would say it is
realize innovative technological solutions
for customers and then help them succeed in their bss always been at
center of my professional activity
I then continued after Microsoft has in liquid hd still had way of driving
always in the field of technological solutions
extend years manager of the Trieste technology service division
and what about hetero too
let's say that even at bad I had a lot of professional experience
interesting when they offered me to join amantea, I was uncertain
sorry to smooth hair later
just two and a half years but on the other hand I couldn't stand a challenge like this
important
which is to be at the head of a very sparkling young company
full of very masculine energy is dead I'm already used to srl structures
masculine but with a special vocation to be the best at
solutions on the microsoft platform
and to ride innovation therefore new trends it out service installa new
iuser expirience offered by windows 7
m meet to meet the needs of customers who are always
more furniture then realizing solutions that follow their way of moving of
live to the workday and fun and so on and at the center of
our attention
advice to all women who want
approach
no world of finance world - & gt on tap women women
my advice is if you yourself are you and don't try to
harness the emotions and to
limiting males and I believe that women have characteristics
winners who are those of msp open to dialogue to listening even live in
way
to the simple one's emotions can help to better understand co-workers a
better understand customers
then
don't try to
pretend that you are not women, be women
be sure of these stars because success certainly comes